in which this game is decisive if Brazil beat the duo
We were born many possibilities of conquest the painter, counterposing that the
producer has more advantage to close the game the case
are political
the game
network shishindo run away
reason
now the project will remind you that this game then
jorge silva republic dominican republic
she was 3 to 0
the last theft of evil change this year
Luisão the putting off was very good which the smoker played very well while
mário álvarez pa from this milk and really Brazil keeps us from overcoming
a difficulty against the republican people who republican bronze medals in the
Pan-American losing by United States made the final with Brazil was
five to four games tied three and a half in the morning that several
tv and several incidents I think they took many points of service with the dodo
dominicana players
but really another night which was very inspired punished also with the
part of this milk the biogene really expects that now in the customary pair
go back to play and highlights that this duo from the brazil group the current double charge
South American champion who will have a very good double even in the
Pan American or technical risk low demand put down with the goiano
which in my opinion was not a correct decision took the tinker quietly the
best of the physical Goiano and neither Brazil did not give their improvement today was
medal of
because a month ago even took me to lead us to think that is more one who wants
affirmed that now the name chosen was the number 4
I took the time to bring back the forty
you can move from an order and warn posters to the capital anika in
9 1 04 2 and anything else I'm going to do is a shame that there is change
on date
It's legal for the eu to be starting that doubles match
in Africa the second is a crime of table tennis
that of mauro pinheiro 1 to 0 to iveco if the Brazilians
brazil and japan make this end the ps have already departed
the final text by teams and member of the Campinense nucleus is the first
Brazilian to be
it is not by chance that he won the second to 1 to 1 this is the third folder
the pair that wins will make 2 to 1 3 to 1
and then we will have their fourth game by teams competing for apatita by
teams
this time the tehran
This face is now Claudio Canuto.
2 to 3 to 1 st
day care until it is
is so vital and that the franchisee draws attention here you also need
realize your first title as a player and draw
which indicates that the companion is not
the move
Look there more back behind the leader.
without the three points
the formula does not pay attention
arrive there signaled
only services
Ball out of the car The fourth point is already a deal
4 to 6 despite this variation of this sign of plays are many
things
I depend on both of the elements of the pair with you
the jacob service in a moving scene
but this should not be a solid player engagement
because the duo find in the next game and I go to the game
who bought
the parts of Brazil complete the funrio for example of Alcoa goes pro received
alone and finalized douglas portuguese coast in the ranking of table tennis
file with Belo Horizonte plant
exactly by knowing what kind of site that should come in to be done
right up on pity sites
with left effect
the onion with down effect is made by top
today a bad result so he did not pretend to give a cake with effect
of the 8th shows good death on board longed for volleyball
I understand that the people will go public
to set the date is very good to have a good death
it's all for the dmae the opponent has worked with the rest
I'm very happy, let's consult if you care about what concerns you
hence the friend of the show of the sport but we also not learning it is
much of what they represent
the corolla or that is frank in this live broadcast for you that do
ibirapuera's poliesportivo
ball out of the gully
9 to 8
there the service of the Brazilian was Minas Gerais
is the third match of the final by teams ball out all the same now my
paternal grandmother
bandeirantes
the sport channel
had nothing
tenth Brazilian point
records
10h10 these short balls of the carmo also made difficult works quite pro
opponent has no claudinha mistake is impressive the ease that he
try to put the short ball that the club talk icons that up to the maximum
ten centimeters from the net
this is an advantage the ordinary mostly against players ranked the
he takes him to as much advantage as other classic players and has a lot of
very effect see you too much strength in the ball is an advantage brought in that does not leave
the player to use the whole society
the aet
we are in the eleventh Brazilian point of service for example
in the case of
another detail that the fla will now add on which side
opponent is a side of service to school
when the game happens due to its exponent of the music indicated that the
paicv side of global total of 4 years old
conceive the senator who qualified as an opponent's right
with which it is then well that the soccer of the club is leaning against the wall
the storm generated a duet with the 5th country hit
because it has a limitation
win even fell flat
he can stand firm
is what happens in the subway and wisdom the curriculum of the end of course fertilizer
then this date
there are times of panic
former striker
same year the club ended presenting the card of the retiree
very important result
see and always taking Dr. Daniel from the right picture after the angle
from the right
reveals double loads 16th Brazilian point
if he won the Italian bed the ball difficult to bituca as an engineer out
ferraris 7
few now the Brazilian team in that first set
you will see just after the table tennis Mundialito plus a Brazilian point
on 18th through
you will see live from são josé dos campos in são josé and guarani by the canopy
joão knows about aspirants with alexandre santos
company that still not only of the sport and today you will see a special matter
the time of the formula ford step of guaporé disputed last Sunday
with victory the jec to hero families
she is made for crime
This opens tomorrow.
19 to 11
11 19
richards and reinforced that Brazil 8
As you did now, let's make a charm.
risk
empty
closed the first set in havana and raulzinho
Brazil